SOAR-8575 Separated UseCaseValidator for workflow and plugins validation (#150)
rapid7/icon-integrations-validators: README.md

## Changelog

> * 2.44.3 - Separated UseCaseValidator for workflows as plugins and workflows now have different usecase tags

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 2.45.0- Separated UseCaseValidator for workflows as plugins and workflows now have different usecase tags
```
Minor version bump as it's technically a new validator
